Update README.md suggestions for DNT (#23129)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-google-analytics/README.md

If you enable this optional option, Google Analytics will not be loaded at all for visitors that have "Do Not Track" enabled. While using Google Analytics does not necessarily constitute Tracking, you might still want to do this to cater to more privacy oriented users.

> If you are testing this, make sure to disable DNT in your own browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are testing this, make sure to disable Do Not Track settings in your own browser.
```
